Update create-a-topic.md (#556)
MicrosoftDocs/Viva: Viva/topics/create-a-topic.md

    
    ![Select site.](../media/knowledge-management/sites.png)

7. The **Related topics** section shows connections that exist between topics. 

>     With the topic page in edit mode, the user can add/edit/remove connections in the Related Topics web part. Please note that you can only add/modify 1st-degree connections. The reason for this is because modifying a 2nd-degree connection would be tantamount to directly editing a different topic page, which we do not allow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the topic page in edit mode, you can add, edit, or remove connections in the Related Topics web part. Note that you can only add or modify first-degree connections because modifying a second-degree connection would be tantamount to directly editing a different topic page, which we do not allow.
```

    You can add a connection to a different topic by selecting the **Connect to a related topic** button, and then typing the name of the related topic, and selecting it from the search results. 

    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82847165/226719556-8dea74f5-26c4-41fd-8155-6dd2e7c377b4.png)

    You can then give a description of how the topics are related, and select **Update**.

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82847165/226719810-7682acb3-e8b9-4434-8f4e-cd6699652350.png)

   The related topic you added will display as a connected topic.
   

>    When a connection between Topic A and Topic B is manually created on Topic Page A, the connection between these topics is represented as a suggested connection (dotted line) on Topic Page B. This is because representing this as a manual connection on Topic Page B would be equivalent to making a direct change to Topic Page B from Topic Page A, which we do not allow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When a connection between Topic A and Topic B is manually created on Topic Page A, the connection between these topics is represented as a suggested connection (dotted line) on Topic Page B, because representing this as a manual connection on Topic Page B would be equivalent to making a direct change to Topic Page B from Topic Page A, which we do not allow.
```
